# VBdataset
This dataset is used for virtual Bass neural network training, which is generated by the optimal parameterization of Hybird VBS. In addition, this dataset was modified from the GTZAN dataset.

# Citation
H.W. Chang and M. R. Bai, "Virtual Bass Synthesis via Deep Learning," J. Audio Eng. Soc.,(2022).

'''  
This Virtual Bass Dataset is Optimal Parametered Hybird VBS  
Author: Hong Wei Chang, National Tsing Hua University  
Date: 2022.06.15  
Lab: Telecom-Electroacoustics-Audio (TEA) Laboratory  
Professor: Mingsian R. Bai  
'''

# Data Description
Available at: https://reurl.cc/vd2kko  
three main portions are contained in this VB dataset. One of portions includes four audio files “Oracle”, “Raw_HPF”, “Rec” and “Rec_HPF”, where “Oracle” is the unprocessed audio file; “Raw_HPF” is filtered from “ Another portion has F0 photos and information. And the rest are parameters of hybrid approach VBS for each song.

# Data Format
(1) VB_dataset_para.xlsx  
This Excel file contains two subpages: "config" and "f0". "config" is the hybrid method VBS parameter. The red table means bass perception is bad; while the green one means bass perception is good. In addition, "f0" is the fundamental frequency of each audio file.

(1) VB_dataset_para.xlsx  
The listening test results of this paper.

(2)f0 (folder)  
It contains the fundamental frequency of each audio file.

(3)audio (folder)  
It includes four audio files for each audio file (10 genres), “Oracle”, “Raw_HPF”, "Rec" and “Rec_HPF”: “Oracle” is the unprocessed audio file; “Raw_HPF” is filtered from “Oracle” by a 120 Hz HPF; “Rec” is gotten from "Oracle" after VB algorithm; and “Rec_HPF” is filtered from “Rec” by a 120 Hz HPF.

(4)pic (folder)  
It contain the pitch estimation results (F0 photos) for each audio file.

(5)NPZ_TrainingData (folder)  
Training data for this paper
